Devu and Churu loves to play with cards alot. Today, they both have a deck of playing cards. Each deck consists of N playing cards numbered from 1 to N. Devu calls his sequence of cards S whereas Churu calls his sequence of cards P and also it is known that S != P. 

In order to play with these cards they both have come up with the following interesting game. In their respective turn, they will choose some pair of integers i and j such that i != j and 1 ≤ i, j ≤ N and will swap the cards present at i^th and j^th position in their respective sequence. If at any point of time both the sequence S and P becomes equal i.e Si = Pi for all i from [1, N] , Devu wins the game otherwise the game will last long for many years and devu will surely gonna die before it actually ends and therefore, the winner will be Churu. Both players will make moves alternatively and will play optimally i.e Devu will try to make both sequence equal whereas Churu will try his best to stop him.

Devu being smart will choose to play game only if he is going to win it for the given sequence of S and P and therefore, he asked you to tell him the winner for a given game.

Given original sequences S and P consisting of N playing cards and the player who will move first. Can you find the winner of the game ?
Input

First line of input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. Each test case consists of 4 lines only. First line of each test case contains a single integer N denoting the number of playing cards. Second line of each test case contains N space separated integers denoting sequence S. Third line of each test case contains N space separated integers denoting sequence P. Fourth line of each test case contains the name of player who will move first.

Output
For each test case, Print "Devu" if Devu wins the game. Print "Churu" otherwise.

Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 10^5
2 ≤ N ≤ 10^5
Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 5 * 10^5

Scoring

Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 10^2 ( 20 % test files ) 
Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 10^3 ( 50 % test files ) 
Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 5 * 10^5 ( 100 % test files ) 

SAMPLE INPUT
2
4
3 1 2 4
3 2 1 4
Devu
4
3 1 2 4
3 2 1 4
Churu

SAMPLE OUTPUT
Devu
Churu

Explanation

Sample Test 1: Devu in his first turn simply swaps the cards present at position 2 and 3 in his sequence S and thus makes the 2 sequences equal.

Sample Test 2: Figure out yourself.
