Our friend 'DP' who is in second standard has recently learned about calculating average of two numbers ( m=(a+b)/2) ). He got really excited about it.
When he returned home his elder brother told him about non-decreasing sequences (e.g. s1,s2...,sn+1 where si ≤ si+1 for 1 ≤ i ≤ n). 
Since he is weak in maths he knew he couldn't remember two concepts for a long time. So he came up with brilliant idea. 
He Decided to club the two concepts with the help of his brother. After many trials they came up with a new sequence called 'sequence of nondecreasing averages'.

They defined this new sequence as p1,p2,.....,pn where pi=(si+si+1)/2. Example, sequence of nondecreasing averages of 3,6,9,9,12 is 4.5,7.5,9,10.5

Now his elder brother decided to check how much 'DP' remembers by giving him a sequence of nondecreasing averages and asked him find the original sequence.
After trying for few hours 'DP' came up with a solution but it was different from his brother's solution but he argued that his solution is also correct.
Now he decided to find all the number of possible solutions to the given sequence of nondecreasing averages. Since it will take a lot of time for him to do this and he needs to complete his school homework therefore he decided to take your help in writing a program for this task.

Contraints:
2 ≤ N ≤ 5*10^6
0 ≤ pi ≤ 10^9

Input:
First line of input contains N, the number of elements in the sequence of nondecreasing averages.
The next N lines contain an element. The ith line contains the element pi (1 ≤ i ≤ N).

Output:
Output contains a single integer denoting the number of possible non-decreasing sequences.
If there exists no solution then, print "no solution" without quotes.

NOTE : Input size is extremely large in some files, use fast I/O.

SAMPLE INPUT
4
0
2
5
7

SAMPLE OUTPUT
2

Explanation

Sample Explanation:
The 2 possible original sequences are 0,0,4,6,8 and -1,1,3,7,7

Additional Sample Case:
Input:
4
0
1
4
5

Output:
no solution

Additional Case Explanation:
There is no possible nondecreasing sequence. Therefore output is 0.
You can check.
